Pardon me?
Mr. Li is your Li wife yes
I let him practice outside for 5 years
He only sells fried noodles by the roadside
It's a loss of face for my Li family
If not for this
Aoxue will not ruin her marriage with him
To marry Dongjie
Hmm, what a bunch of blind guys
Mr. Li is the Haoyue of Heaven
In fact, you can offend
All right.
Are both of your auditoriums famous from Yuncheng?
What rich man let us be removed from Yuncheng
No.
Not just the two auditoriums, Mr. Li
Who else today?
Here it is.
All those who target me will be famous from the clouds
Fine! Who do you think you are?
So loud
All of you here today
Which one is not the way to dominate the business world?
What can you do to make us famous from the clouds?
What!
You are really dissatisfied
Do you want a steel gun?
Wan Tianhao, what if you are the richest man in Yuncheng?
You need to know
The backer behind my Li family is the Beidu Jiang family
You say your backer
It is the Jiang family of the first family in Beidu
Of course!
You are just the richest man in Yucheng
The Beidu Jiang family is the richest man in the country
You compare with the Jiang family
It's dwarfed.
Bad Rich Man
Have you been bewitched by Li Wushuang?
What does bewitching mean?
I was engaged to him for five years
I know him all too well.
He is mediocre and incompetent
He is best at bragging brushes
He told me
One day I will be impressed by him
Said he would buy me the most expensive crown in the world
Let me be the happiest woman in the world
And it's been five years.
He just
He's a street vendor selling fried noodles.
Miss Tang, you misread Mr. Li
What Mr. Li said is true